   analysis = """
    Make and Model: The car appears to be a Toyota, specifically a Toyota Corolla hatchback, based on the design cues and emblem on the front grille.
    Body Type: The car is a hatchback, which is characterized by a rear door that swings upward to provide access to a cargo area.
    Color: The car is painted in a shiny metallic red, which is a vibrant and eye-catching color.
    Headlights: The car has sleek, angular headlights with a sharp design that adds to its modern and sporty look. The headlights seem to be equipped with LED technology.
    Grille: The front grille is large and features a honeycomb pattern, which is common in sportier models. The grille is black, contrasting sharply with the red body color.
    Wheels: The car has dark-colored alloy wheels with a multi-spoke design, contributing to the vehicle's sporty appearance. The wheels appear to be relatively large, which often suggests a focus on performance.
    Side Mirrors: The side mirrors are black, which contrasts with the red body. They are likely power-adjustable and could have integrated turn signals, which is common in modern cars.
    Windows: The car has tinted windows, providing privacy and a sleek look. The rear side windows and rear windshield seem to be more tinted than the front.
    Body Lines: The car features sharp and defined body lines along the side, giving it a dynamic and aggressive stance. These lines are typically designed to enhance aerodynamics and aesthetic appeal.
    Roofline: The car has a sloping roofline, which gives it a sporty, fastback appearance, adding to the aerodynamic profile.
    Bumper and Lower Body: The front bumper is designed with integrated air vents, which add to the sporty appearance and likely contribute to cooling. The lower body also has black accents, which are common in sportier trims.
    Overall Stance: The car has a low and wide stance, contributing to its sporty look. This is typical of hatchback models designed with performance in mind.
    """